chapter/compute: Restructure repo according to updated methodology (#74)
cs-pub-ro/operating-systems: chapters/compute/synchronization/drills/tasks/race-condition/README.md

# Race Conditions

## C - TLS on Demand

The perspective of C towards TLS is the following: everything is shared by default.
This makes multithreading easier and more lightweight to implement than in other languages, like D, because synchronization is left entirely up to the developer, at the cost of potential unsafety.

Of course, we can specify that some data belongs to the TLS, by preceding the declaration of a variable with `__thread` keyword.
First, compile and run the code in `race-condition/support/c/race_condition_tls.c` a few times.
As expected, the result is different each time.

1. Modify the declaration of `var` and add the `__thread` keyword to place the variable in the TLS of each thread.
Recompile and run the code a few more times.
You should see that in the end, `var` is 0.

    [Quiz 1](../../questions/tls-synchronization.md)

>     [Quiz 2](../../questions/tls-var-copies.md)

Reviewer: These quizzes render like a block of code. Maybe try to remove 2 spaces or the tab altogether?

> 1. Print the address and value of `var` in each thread.
> See that they differ.
> 
> 1. Modify the value of `var` in the `main()` function before calling `pthread_create()`.
> Notice that the value doesn't propagate to the other threads.
> This is because, upon creating a new thread, its TLS is initialised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Print the address and value of `var` in each thread.
See that they differ.

3. Modify the value of `var` in the `main()` function before calling `pthread_create()`.
Notice that the value doesn't propagate to the other threads.
This is because, upon creating a new thread, its TLS is initialised.
```
Now because you removed the indent above, these list items aren't numbered properly because there's a break in the list. Just number them manually, I guess.

Reviewer 2: No, I think I just have to indent the subsequent phrases.
```
1. Print the address and value of `var` in each thread.
See that they differ.
```
should be written as:
```
1. Print the address and value of `var` in each thread.
  See that they differ.
```

Reviewer 2: Ignore this, I misread your comment.

Reviewer 2: OK, so the problem was that quizzes had the wrong indent. Seems like markdown expects `3 spaces` indentation when you are under a numbered list.
